Sit in line, don't run away, I'm welcome.
I remember well from Zhi, who did I sleep with?
I understand that when I was in school, which teacher would rush to teach Song?
When I help my students go home, I just pick them up from the front to the bottom of my head.
It flew over Zhan and retreated.
This is killing you, stop making trouble,
Come back with me.
If you ask me to go back, I will go back. Then I will not recognize you and lose face.
Then blind me and drink.
Can I ask you a favor?
Heck, if only I could make it and walk,
Are you okay if you killed Suzuko? What?
Ah, I got it, you are being pressed harder and harder by me,
As long as it wasn't for him, there would have been no separation between us.